hey guys gray leaf gamer here and today
some of you may have had your level
adjusted in GTA online yesterday
rockstar posted an update on GTA online
cheaters and modded RP and addressed a
lot of concerns that people had about
Rockstar adjusting RP levels of people
that game there are P illegitimate ly
and what they had to say was this in
order to keep grand theft auto online
fair for everyone we are removing
illegitimate RP from the accounts of
players who hacked or modded to get
ahead the first round of RP correction
will occur on May twentieth 2014 which
is today to remove illegitimate RP all
the way back to GTA online's launched in
october of 2013 after that we will be
running continual automated sweeps to
identify and correct RP violations your
RP should only be adjusted if you
participated in mods hacks DNS redirects
manipulation of cloud files or other
similarly nefarious behavior if you
grinded short legitimate missions or
otherwise gained a small amount of RP
without modding your RP should not be
affected by this correction we don't
plan on taking further action beyond RP
reduction when the first round of
Correction hits on May twentieth for
players whose accounts show limited
modification but please be warned
accounts found to be hacking your
modding to generate illegitimate amounts
of RP after May twentieth will be
subject to further action at our
discretion such as time in the cheater
pool or bad sports cool repeat offenders
may also have their accounts reset
experience bands or have all their GTA
dollars removed other than unspent shark
card funds now the million-dollar
question is this how much RP will be
removed from affected accounts well the
answer to that is we currently plan to
revert the ranks of affected accounts
back to the approximate level they were
before the violations occurred
let me read that again we currently plan
to revert the ranks of affected accounts
back to the approximate level they were
before the violations occurred so if you
were a level 20 before you hacked modded
or use the DNS redirect you're going
back to level 20 now don't get me wrong
the reason why I don't do hacks and mods
is because of this reason you may be
able to play around with the game files
for a week or a month but eventually
they will catch up with you I know this
because I was banned from a game a few
years back that I enjoyed playing and it
sucks when that happens luckily rockstar
isn't doing that but don't think that
they would and that's it for today guys
I put up two or three of these videos a
week so if you haven't done so already
make sure you like it make sure you
subscribe and I'll see you next time